.TH SUPERMGRD 8 "March 2026" "SuperManager" "System Administration"
.SH NAME
supermgrd \- SuperManager privileged daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B supermgrd
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B supermgrd
is the privileged daemon for SuperManager.  It runs as root via systemd
and manages VPN connections, SSH sessions, secret storage, webhook
notifications, and network device APIs.
.PP
Communication happens over D\-Bus on the system bus at the well\-known
name
.B org.supermgr.Daemon
with object path
.BR /org/supermgr/Daemon .
The D\-Bus interface is
.BR org.supermgr.Daemon1 .
.SH OPTIONS
.B supermgrd
takes no command\-line options.  It is intended to be started by systemd
via the provided unit file.
.SH D\-BUS INTERFACE
Selected methods on
.BR org.supermgr.Daemon1 :
.TP
.B ListProfiles() \(-> String
JSON array of VPN profile summaries.
.TP
.B Connect(profile_id: String)
Start a VPN connection for the given profile UUID.
.TP
.B Disconnect()
Tear down the active VPN tunnel and restore routing.
.TP
.B SetWebhook(url: String, on_host_down: bool, on_vpn_disconnect: bool)
Configure outgoing webhook notifications (Slack, Teams, Discord).
.TP
.B TestWebhook() \(-> String
Send a test message to the configured webhook URL.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/supermgrd/profiles/
VPN profile TOML files.
.TP
.I /etc/supermgrd/ssh/keys/
SSH key metadata (TOML).
.TP
.I /etc/supermgrd/ssh/hosts/
SSH host configurations (TOML).
.TP
.I /etc/supermgrd/secrets.json
Encrypted credentials (mode 0600).
.TP
.I /etc/supermgrd/backups/
FortiGate configuration backups.
.TP
.I /var/log/supermgrd/audit.log
Operation audit trail.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR supermgr (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Frank\-Andreas Lia
